docs: fixes link (#66051)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/enhanced-ldap/index.md

The enhanced LDAP integration adds additional functionality on top of the [LDAP integration]({{< relref "ldap/" >}}) available in the open source edition of Grafana.

> **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud).

> > If you are a Grafana Cloud customer, please [open a support ticket in the Cloud Portal](/orgs/$org/tickets/) to request this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are a Grafana Cloud customer, please [open a support ticket in the Cloud Portal](/profile/org#support) to request this feature.
```
